Adds command `pp solution remove`, closes #3723 (#3960)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/pp/solution/solution-remove.md

> # solution remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# pp solution remove
```

Removes the specified solution in the specified Power Platform environment

## Usage

```sh
m365 pp solution remove [options]
```

## Options

`-e, --environment <environment>`
: The name of the environment.

`-i, --id [id]`
: The id of the solution. Specify either `id` or `name` but not both.

`-n, --name [name]`

> : The name of the solution. Specify either `id` or `name` but not both.

Reviewer: Let's be a bit more specific like we do in `pp solution get`

```suggestion
: The unique name (not the display name) of the solution. Specify either `id` or `name` but not both.
```

`--asAdmin`
: Run the command as admin for environments you do not have explicitly assigned permissions to.

`--confirm`
: Don't prompt for confirmation

--8<-- "docs/cmd/_global.md"

## Examples

> Removes the specified solution owned by the currently signed-in user based on the name parameter

Reviewer: Could you do this for other descriptions as well?
```suggestion
Removes the specified solution with a specific name, owned by the currently signed-in user
```

```sh
m365 pp solution remove --environment Default-d87a7535-dd31-4437-bfe1-95340acd55c5 --name "Solution Name"
```

Removes the specified solution owned by the currently signed-in user based on the name parameter without confirmation

```sh
m365 pp solution remove --environment Default-d87a7535-dd31-4437-bfe1-95340acd55c5 --name "Solution Name" --confirm
```

Removes the specified solution owned by another user based on the name parameter

```sh
m365 pp solution remove --environment Default-d87a7535-dd31-4437-bfe1-95340acd55c5 --name "Solution Name" --asAdmin
```

Removes the specified solution owned by another user based on the name parameter without confirmation

```sh
m365 pp solution remove --environment Default-d87a7535-dd31-4437-bfe1-95340acd55c5 --name "solution Name" --asAdmin --confirm
```

Removes the specified solution owned by the currently signed-in user based on the id parameter

```sh
m365 pp solution remove --environment Default-d87a7535-dd31-4437-bfe1-95340acd55c5 --id 00000001-0000-0000-0001-00000000009b
```

Removes the specified solution owned by the currently signed-in user based on the id parameter without confirmation

```sh

> m365 pp solution remove --environment Default-d87a7535-dd31-4437-bfe1-95340acd55c5 --id 00000001-0000-0000-0001-00000000009b

Reviewer: Missing `--confirm`

```

Removes the specified solution owned by another user based on the id parameter

```sh
m365 pp solution remove --environment Default-d87a7535-dd31-4437-bfe1-95340acd55c5 --id 00000001-0000-0000-0001-00000000009b --asAdmin
```

Removes the specified solution owned by another user based on the id parameter without confirmation

```sh
m365 pp solution remove --environment Default-d87a7535-dd31-4437-bfe1-95340acd55c5 --id 00000001-0000-0000-0001-00000000009b --asAdmin --confirm
```

> ## Response

Reviewer: Missing enter before next title
